---
layout: post
title: New Digs
subtitle: a place for my stuff
category: works
---

I've been blogging on and off for something in the neighborhood of ten or fifteen years. I'm not sure entirely why I haven't been posting of late but I haven't. I've had a number of false starts getting back into the swing of things. Hopefully, this will mark the end of those false starts.

I think, primarily, I'd stopped because so many other people were saying what I wanted to say. Why bother? Then again, they weren't saying it exactly the way I would like them to. So, once more unto the breach and all that.

## restiffbard

For the longest time I'd lived at the [restiffbard][1] domain. That was a word I'd put together, at this writing, seventeen years ago. One shouldn't wed themselves so long to something of their creation especially when that creation was made in their youth.

When I was a kid I'd read that construction and thought, 'Look at how clever I am. Aren't I just the cleverest thing'. Today, 'Oh lord, what was I thinking'. Now, "restiffbard" is subject to the embarrassment of youth. Trying to tell your bank what your email address is can be difficult when even you don't like to read it aloud.

Sure, no one cares. There are worse words. The hubris of it is what gets to me most even if no one else even knows what it means. That's most often the case, anyway. 

Out with it then. At least, here. For now.

## narrative twist

This new construction is a matter of lucky domaineering. I'll define that red squiggly as a combination of 'domain' and 'engineering'. 

It's also me being clever. I imagine in another seventeen years I'll regret it as well. I expect I'll be a wholly other person by then. I'll update you when I have another moment of self-realization.

[1]: http://restiffbard.com "restiffbard"

