---
layout: post
title: on email
subtitle: why is this hard
category: ego
---

Before we had computers, this may be new to some of you out there, we received correspondence on paper that was placed in an envelope and then delivered by hand. We called those paper things, letters. Though, there were also packages and parcels and all manner of other things one could receive through the mail. Note, the lack of an e. That's not a typo. That's how we used to spell.

Now, bear with me here, when these "letters" arrived we would do something with them. Usually standing at a desk or little table by the front door to our homes. We would sort through the mail. We would toss the advertisements and credit offers find the one letter from someone we actually knew and put the bills on a pile to be ignored until two months hence.

When I started to get email, that's exactly what I did with this new and amazing digital version of letters. It's what I still do. The only change I made was to add in filters to remove the advertisements for me and save me a step. Email from people I care about I read right away. Email from bill collectors I tag with a star and ignore. It all gets acted on in its own way as it comes in.

Why is this so hard that every third tweet I see these days laments the lack of a decent email client? Seriously, what the fuck are you doing with your email that you've managed to make something so brain dead simple so seemingly agonizing that you must rend your garments in the city square in frustration?